Add docs for the conditional enabled lifecycle attribute (#3380)
opentofu/opentofu: website/docs/language/meta-arguments/for_each.mdx

that map or set.

:::note

> A given resource or module block cannot use both `count`, `enabled`, and `for_each` together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A given resource or module block cannot use `for_each` together with `count` or `enabled`.
```
